Let me show you the code.
Remember that 3 AM crash?
Here is exactly what went wrong with Producer Internals.
Most people miss this completely.
Most people miss this completely,  And here's the same logic in Java.
Here's a DurableProducer class in java that handles data serialization.
The DurableProducer method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.* module.
Now we call Properties() to handle the operation.
Here we insert the key-value pair into our map.
At this point, we wrap this in a try block to handle errors gracefully — because in production, things WILL fail, and we need to handle it gracefully.
This is where we check if exception not equal to null — to handle the edge case that trips up most developers.
we call producer.flush() to process our data.